Conversation Log for query: 
	Web surfer: Find information and tutorials about PyCBC on how to implement template creation and matched filtering for gravitational wave data analysis. Also, research what functions are provided by PyCBC/GWpy to convert between their respective data types (e.g. TimeSeries)! If you find any relevant documentation or code examples, pass the URLs to the RAG agent for ingestion.

	Do not generate or execute any code yet! Only use the web surfer agent to gather comprehensive tutorials for PyCBC use, and then use the RAG agent for ingestion. After that, pass control to the user.
	

Proxy:

	Web surfer: Find information and tutorials about PyCBC on how to implement template creation and matched filtering for gravitational wave data analysis. Also, research what functions are provided by PyCBC/GWpy to convert between their respective data types (e.g. TimeSeries)! If you find any relevant documentation or code examples, pass the URLs to the RAG agent for ingestion.

	Do not generate or execute any code yet! Only use the web surfer agent to gather comprehensive tutorials for PyCBC use, and then use the RAG agent for ingestion. After that, pass control to the user.
	

Query_Handler:
{
    "message": "The user is looking for comprehensive information and tutorials on PyCBC, specifically focusing on template creation and matched filtering for gravitational wave data analysis. Additionally, they want to research the functions provided by PyCBC/GWpy for converting between their respective data types, such as TimeSeries. Once the information is gathered, it should be passed to the RAG agent for ingestion. After that, control will be passed back to the user. 

Next steps involve assigning the task to the Web Surfer agent to gather the required information and tutorials.",
    "subtasks": [
        "Search for tutorials on template creation in PyCBC.",
        "Search for tutorials on matched filtering in PyCBC.",
        "Research functions in PyCBC/GWpy for converting data types like TimeSeries.",
        "Compile URLs of relevant documentation and code examples."
    ],
    "terminateChat": false
}

